quickBuy                  = true
lockItemPickup            = true
mapZoom                   = 65
importedCharacters        = false
lockMapRotation           = false
cameraShake               = true
gore                      = true
questwidgetopen           = true
corpsePersistence         = 0.5
blood                     = 1
reportStats               = 2
targetLock                = false
inactiveUpdateRate        = 0
cloudSaving               = true
gamepadSupport            = false
breakingMoveTo            = true
classicCasting            = false
gamepadTargetLock         = true
autoLootRelics            = false
critFeedback              = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
displayDamage             = true
critMultipliers           = false
targetOutline             = true
monsterBars               = true
playerBars                = true
playerLocalBar            = true
petBars                   = true
playerHealth              = true
monsterHealth             = true
monsterIcons              = true
monsterBarsUndamaged      = true
tutorialTips              = true
errorMessages             = true
autoItemTooltips          = true
extraRollovers            = true
sortConfirmBypass         = false
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = high
shadows                   = true
weatherQuality            = high
weatherEnabled            = true
depthOfField              = true
softParticles             = false
reflectionQuality         = high
detailLevel               = ultra
resolution                = 1920 1080
refreshRate               = 60 1
windowPosition            = 0 0
antiAliasing              = 1
anisotropicFiltering      = 1
screenMode                = 0
syncToRefresh             = true
tripleBuffer              = false
detailObjects             = true
advancedEffects           = true
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.5
fxQuality                 = medium
lightingQuality           = medium
uiScale                   = 0.5
device                    = 0
colorblind                = 0
alphatocoverage           = false
ambientocclusion          = false
deferredrendering         = true
fxaa                      = true
masterVolume              = 0.47644
musicVolume               = 0.47644
effectsVolume             = 0.492147
ambientVolume             = 0.492147
dialogVolume              = 0
rockOn                    = false
speakerType               = 1
soundDevice               = 0
errorSpeech               = true
captureDevice             = 0
micLoopback               = false
voiceVolume               = 0.492147
voicechatEnabled          = false
voicechatPushToTalk       = false
networkAdapter            = ""
networkMTU                = 1400
UPnPEnable                = true
language                  = "RU-League S04"
datapath                  = ""
forceSingleProcessorMode  = false
maxResourceThreads        = 1
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
setupComplete             = false
